>> Kyle Simpson: Well,
that's what I've got for
you today in our course on Node.js,
Digging Into Node.
I hope that you have now got a much better
feeling for the kind of ins and outs of
how to work your way around Node, how to
integrate with the system, how to do some
fun little things like child processes or
store in the database, things like that.
These are all the fundamental building
blocks upon which all of the libraries and
frameworks that you'll work in
Node will have been built on.
And probably the most important of all
of those is really getting a solid
understanding of streams.
So make sure you check
out that stream handbook.
Make sure you check out the course by
Substack here on Frontend Masters and
really just dig into Node.
It's a fun and
exciting ecosystem to play with.
And I don't see it going
away anytime soon.
So thanks for being here.
I hope you've enjoyed this course.